docs: document where configuration is stored (#28)
benjie/mehserve: README.md

https://github.com/basecamp/pow/issues/471) - should be fixed by
updating to OS X 10.10.4

> #### Configuration location
> 
> Configuration is saved as files stored under `~/.mehserve`. To remove a service registered as `myapi` simply delete the file `~/.mehserve/myapi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuration location 🧭

Configuration is saved as files stored under `~/.mehserve`. To remove a service
registered as `myapi`, delete the file `~/.mehserve/myapi` (and any related
files such as SSL certificates/keys/etc).
```
